So now on to other Godzilla we're talking about.
you
second favorite i guess i kind of like the hollywood godzillas too like
I don't know, Godzilla vs. Kong was good, but I kinda like King of Monsters, too.
you
Yeah,... A little mean, but then he was on the good side at the end.
Yeah...
Yeah...   Yeah...
Kinda, yeah. In those stories, mostly like...
Godzilla only comes out when there's a threatening monster showing up.
and he's like the king of the monster so he has to do it so he like any like
Yeah...   Yeah...
Yeah...
Most of the Titans are kind of inactive.
But then there are hundreds of them like they're everywhere
Yeah...
I kind of like the King Ghidorah of the King of Monsters.
you know the way yeah that that was good like you know like moving that
Yeah...   But then like he was like like when they first found it was like in ice
Yeah...   Yeah...
The bad guy. I wanted to melt the ice.
But yeah, he died in like the middle of the movie but
The one who attacked the place where the monster was the first.
at the first part of Kiyomata. You might not remember it though.
Yeah...
Yeah, I forgot how, why, but I don't remember.
Then yeah, he woke up and then Godzilla came and they kind of fought.
but then King Ghidorah is much bigger than Godzilla in that movie.
Yeah...much bigger has like a big wings wings and
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that one also came out.
No, Master didn't come to destroy Gordie. Master was on OGSI.
Yeah... Yeah..
It's a run-on, um, run-on, Rona.
Rona was on Kingi's side mostly.
Yeah, he was kinda like, can you do a side flip?
I mean they did fight at the first part but then like...
But then at the end, Rodin also bowed down to Godzilla.
Yeah...
King Ghidorah, definitely.
Actually, it's only the people who destroyed Gojira the first time.
The first time, yeah. That's when he came back.
So they kind of like, they like, yeah.
Well, not like he died. I saw he died one time.
So they said like the oxygen destroyer
The distroyer oxygen... Yeah
Yeah...
So the oxygen destroyer came out. like  that...
The military decided they want to get rid of all the monsters, so...
At one point, Godzilla took down Ghidorah and like really dragged it into the ocean and
fighting him underwater. But then...
Basically, the military basically sent the missile... Ahhh..
to try to destroy both of them
But then Ghidorah didn't need oxygen to breathe, to not breathe, but to live.
No, he doesn't. He's a space monster.
Yeah.
Well, the people didn't really know that.
Actually, Godzilla would have... Yeah, like, both of them would basically die in the...
Nothing.. Yeah....   Yeah...
No, I think it goes to kind of like a very damaged.
but then that's why they sent the guy down to um...
Yeah to basically recharge Godzilla.
So in the end, I got that it's powered by atomic energy.
The Ghidorah, yeah. Ghidorah was the  good.
twice as big oh i guess kind of twice as big
And that goes like, there's one scene where like...
but the standard you draw like basically folds itself to it.
full height it's like looks twice as tall yeah
Not really. I think KBD or I don't know, somewhere like...
Maybe 150.
meters, probably got to maybe 120 meters, but I think it's not much taller
But other than that, yeah.